IP Address
a unique string of numbers seperated by a full stop that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate overa network.
range of numbers: 0-255
no 2 computers can Have same IP Address
Public and Private IP
ISP(Vodaphone, Airtel, Jio) WHILE OTHER IS ROUTER WiFi IP
finding out both IP Address
Public IP- Google "Whats my IP"
Private IP - Windows(ipconfig), Linux or Mac (ifconfig)
Static and Dynamic IP Address
Static IP adresses never change but Dynamic IP address always keep changing. 
Restart your computer and see yourself

static-Servers and websites
Dynamic-Computer and mobile devices

How to find static IP address of a website?
ping example.com

IP Address- city/state/country
Port- exact house no.

netstat -a -b -n

Sockets: A socket is one endpoint of a two way communication link between teo programs running on the network. A socket is bond to a port number so that the TCP layer can identify the application that data is detined to be sent to. An endpoint is a combination of an IP address and a port number
Socket command in Python 
socket.socket(): Create Socket
s.bind(host,port): binding port and host
s.send(): sending a message
s.listen(): constantly listen to other computer message
s.recv(): 
s.close(): Close the socket connection

Direct and Reverse connection

Direct Connection: 
1. Host/ IP Address +Port
2. Socket
How to set up Direct connection in Python
Problems with Diret Connection
1. difficult to get IP Address
2. IP Address is dynamic so it keeps on changing
3. Even we cannot get regular updates to the dynamic IP Address the computer has bunch of firewalls which mkaes it impossible to get to his com[uter
Advantages of Direct Connection

Reverse Connection
how to set up Reverse connection in Python
Problems with Reverse Connection
Advantages of Reverse connection

Server:
1. Remote computer when you can store files or host websites
2. it has a static IP Address
3. You need internet to acess this remote computer

Reverse Shell
give me complete notes of reverse shell tell me how can I built it how can I use it ethically and and practically how can i build this in Python

